src/content/prints/1877-mount-desert-maine.md, before:

---
id: 1
title: Mount Desert, Maine
image:
    filename: 
    caption: 
    missing_text: No image located.
year: "1877"
size:
    dimensions: 8.9 x 11.4 cm
    source: Koehler 1880
    source_url: https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686
signed: 
publications: []
museums: 
    -   name: MFAB
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/101119/mt-desert-maine
---
Little is known about this small etching, which was likely one of Colman’s first. It is titled and dated in S.R. Koehler’s 1880 [article about Colman](https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686), which also describes it as “from nature”.  It also appears in [the catalogue](https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686) of an 1881 exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. The museum also holds the only known impression, though sadly it has not been photographed. It was given to the museum as part of a gift from the artist in 1885.

Mt. Desert itself is an island northeast of Colman’s hometown of Portland, Maine. A plein air watercolor of Mt. Desert, also dated 1877, was sold [at Grogan and Company in 2019](https://www.groganco.com/auction-lot/samuel-colman-american-1832-1920-mt.-desert_1DE4D1C871) and is likely from the same visit to the island.

TK need to review this thesis

Commit message:

Add complete flag. Cleanup some text.

src/content/prints/1877-mount-desert-maine.md, after:

---
id: 1
title: Mount Desert, Maine
image:
    filename: 
    caption: 
    missing_text: No image located.
year: "1877"
size:
    dimensions: 8.9 x 11.4 cm
    source: Koehler 1880
    source_url: https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686
signed: 
publications: []
museums: 
    -   name: MFAB
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/101119/mt-desert-maine
complete: True
---
Little is known about this small etching, which was likely one of Colman’s first. It is listed in S.R. Koehler’s 1880 [article about Colman](https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686), which describes it as “from nature”.  It also appears in [the catalogue](https://www.jstor.org/stable/20559686) of an 1881 exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. Today the MFAB holds the only known impression, which was given to the museum as part of a gift from the artist in 1885. Sadly it has not been photographed.

Mt. Desert is an island northeast of Colman’s hometown of Portland, Maine. A plein air watercolor of Mt. Desert, also dated 1877, was sold [at Grogan and Company in 2019](https://www.groganco.com/auction-lot/samuel-colman-american-1832-1920-mt.-desert_1DE4D1C871) and may be from the same visit to the island.
