src/content/prints/1883-coblenz.md, before:

---
id: 13
title: Coblenz
image:
    filename: 
    caption: 
    missing_text: No image available.
year: "c. 1883 (per Museum of Fine Arts Boston)"
size:
    dimensions: 
    source: 
    source_url: 
signed: 
publications: []
drawings: []
museums: 
    -   name: Museum of Fine Arts Boston
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/101113/coblentz
    -   name: Museum of Fine Arts Boston
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/100992/coblentz
complete: False
---
This etching is the subject of [an 1885 letter](https://calmview.bham.ac.uk/Record.aspx?src=CalmView.Catalog&id=XKWH%2FQ%2F1127) Colman wrote to “Mrs. Moran.” (Presumably Mary Nimmo Moran, a fellow etcher and wife of Thomas Moran, who was a close friend and traveling companion.)  The Museum of Fine Arts Boston, which holds the only two known impressions of this etching, dates it to 1883. Whether it was etched at that time, or later in 1885 when the letter was written, it’s more than likely based on a drawing from one of Colman’s earlier trips to Europe.

Commit message:

Added photos and dimensions for 11 Amalfi Harbor and 13 Coblenz. #18.

src/content/prints/1883-coblenz.md, after:

---
id: 13
title: Coblenz
image:
    filename: 1883-coblenz.jpg
    caption: Image from the author's collection.
    missing_text:
year: "c. 1883 (per Museum of Fine Arts Boston)"
size:
    dimensions: 7 5/8 x 5 7/8 in
    source: 
    source_url: 
signed: Unsigned
publications: []
drawings: []
museums: 
    -   name: Museum of Fine Arts Boston
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/101113/coblentz
    -   name: Museum of Fine Arts Boston
        url: https://collections.mfa.org/objects/100992/coblentz
complete: True
---
This etching is the subject of [an 1885 letter](https://calmview.bham.ac.uk/Record.aspx?src=CalmView.Catalog&id=XKWH%2FQ%2F1127) Colman wrote to “Mrs. Moran.” (Presumably Mary Nimmo Moran, a fellow etcher and wife of Thomas Moran, who was a close friend and traveling companion.)  It is likely based on a drawing from Colman’s tour of Europe in the 1870's.

The etching was later published, at least once, in Germany by Wien Verlag der Gesellschaft für vervielfältigende Kunst. (The Society for Reproducing Art) The exact volume in which it was published remains unknown.
